This task was very similar to the second but with more rules: 
1. People were not allowed to do the same jobs they did in the last task.
2. No network interface cards were given for installing things and only people with an office ip
were the ingress and egress systems (me and kaine) 
3. We were not allowed to access our vms via vcenter and therefor had to find another way into them.
4. We were told that everyone must run off the dhcp server meaning no personal config was allowed.

commands used
nmap 192.168.1.0/24 -p 22 - we used various nmap commands but this one scanned for ip adresses on the network 
that were running on port 22 which led us to discover the 192.168.1.150 office ip

ssh user@192.168.1.150 - to access the segregated network with an office ip

We then had to give everyone ips and this time we could not all setup our own so we needed
to setup the dhcp server on Liams machine in order to start trying to give the others network access.

some of the commands used for dhcp on Liams system:
dnf install dhcp-server
    This was used to install the dhcp server package

    next we had to edit the configuration
vi /etc/dhcp/dhcpd.conf
    This command was used to enter the file I would need to configured
    This file was configured with the subnet and netmask and given the desired IP range for the dynamic IP addresses.

systemctl start dhcpd
systemctl status dhcpd
    Once configured the dhcpd server could be started and the status checked.

    Once downloaded it was time to edit the configuration
vi /etc/dhcp/dhcpd.conf
    This command was used to enter the file I would need to configured
    This file was configured with the subnet and netmask and given the desired IP range for the dynamic IP addresses.

systemctl start dhcpd
systemctl status dhcpd
    Once configured the dhcpd server could be started and the status checked.

firewall-cmd --add-service=dhcp --permanent
firewall-cmd --reload
    Last the firewall needed to be configured to allow the dhcp permission and then restarted.


    With each of the systems given a dynamic IP we had access to our VMs.
    We could use an ssh connection to get into them.
    ssh user@10.0.0.10
    This was used to ssh into my vm with the dynamic IP.

    Once I had access I could now set a static IP for this vm.
vi /etc/sysconfig/network-script/ifcfg-ens160
    With this file I could set my IP to static and set it to 10.0.0.3

    After taht was set in the file I needed to update the network setting.
ifdown ens160 && ifup ens160
    I had to use a command chain to be able to shutdown and restart the ens160 network.
    As soon as the ifdown was run the ssh connection would drp and there would be no way to get access to the vm.
    This is why I had to use the command chain to make sure that even after I lost connection the vm would bring the network back up.
    With it back up again I simply had to ssh back into the vm and I now had a static IP.

    Once the gateway was set on 10.0.0.1 we now had access to the internet through that gateway.

dnf install dchp-server
    It was now time to download the dhcp-server packege for with this system.

vi /etc/dhcp/dhcpd.conf
    It was now time to configure the dhcp server again on this vm.

systemctl start dhcpd
systemctl status dhcpd
  With the configuration set I could run the dhcpd server and check the status to confirm it was running correctly.

firewall-cmd --add-service=dhcp --permanent
firewall-cmd --reload  

With that done mine and Liams main task was finished but i still had to give people the app files and then go onto run them eventually to complete the task

I i ran a http server (http-serve) to allow the others to pull my files with a wget command (wget http://max/app3.zip) 